COMPUTER HISTORY MUSEUM SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
 
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE (THE "SOFTWARE"). THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") GOVERN USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

The Computer History Museum (the "Museum") is willing to license the Software to
you only upon the condition that you accept all of the terms contained in this
Agreement. By clicking on the "I accept" button below or by downloading,
installing or using the Software, you have indicated that you understand this
Agreement and accept all of its terms. If you do not accept all the terms of
this Agreement, then the Museum is unwilling to license the Software to you.

1. Grant of License. Conditioned upon your compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the Museum grants you a non-exclusive and
non-transferable license for a single user, solely for your individual, personal
and non-commercial purposes, (a) to load and install the Software; (b) to
compile, modify and create modifications or enhancements of the Software or any
of its components ("Derivative Works"); and Â© to run the Software or Derivative
Works on simulators or hardware. The Museum and its licensors reserve all rights
in the Software not expressly granted to you in this Agreement.

2. Restrictions. Except as expressly specified in this Agreement, you may not:
(a) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute the Software
or Derivative Works to any third party; or (b) make the functionality of the
Software or Derivative Works available to multiple users through any means,
including, but not limited to, by uploading the Software to a network or
file-sharing service or through any hosting, application services provider,
service bureau, software-as-a-service (SaaS) or any other type of services. You
acknowledge and agree that portions of the Software, including, but not limited
to, the source code and the specific design and structure of individual modules
or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets of Museum and its licensors.

3. Ownership. The copy of the Software is licensed, not sold. The Museum and its
licensors retain ownership of the copy of the Software itself, including all
intellectual property rights therein. The Software is protected by United States
copyright law and international treaties. You will not delete or in any manner
alter the copyright, trademark, confidentiality and other proprietary rights
notices or markings or limited or restricted rights legends appearing on the
Software as delivered to you.

4. Term. The license granted under this Agreement remains in effect for a period
of 75 years, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement. You
may terminate the license at any time by destroying all copies of the Software
in your possession or control. The license granted under this Agreement will
automatically terminate, with or without notice from the Museum, if you breach
any term of this Agreement. Upon termination, you must, at the Museum's option,
either promptly destroy or return to the Museum all copies of the Software in
your possession or control and certify in writing to the Museum that you have
fully complied with the foregoing and that no copy of the Software remains in
your possession or control.

5. Indemnification. You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Museum and
its licensors from and against any damages, liabilities, costs, expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees), claims, demands, suits or proceedings
(an "Action") to the extent such Action alleges that your modification or
enhancement of the Software, or any portion thereof, infringes any third party
copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or any other proprietary right,
provided that the Museum gives written notice of the Action to you. The Museum
may opt to participate in the defense of an Action, provided that the Museum
bears any legal fees and expenses and other costs of defense it incurs in so
participating.

6. NO WARRANTIES. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND. THE MUSEUM AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF
DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
OBTAINED FROM MUSEUM OR ELSEWHERE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT
EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

7. Limitation of Liability. THE MUSEUM AND ITS LICENSORS' TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU
FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO
$100. IN NO EVENT WILL THE MUSEUM OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS, PROFITS OR ABILITY TO EXECUTE) OR FOR THE COST OF
PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE EXECUTION OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER SUCH
LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT MUSEUM
OR ITS LICENSORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. THE
FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY
SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may
not apply to you.

8. U.S. Government End Users. The Software is a "commercial item" as that term
is defined in FAR 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software," as such
term is used in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. If the Software is being acquired
by or on behalf of the U.S. Government, then, as provided in FAR 12.212 and
DFARS 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the U.S. Government's rights
in the Software will be only those specified in this Agreement.

9. Export Law. You agree to comply fully with all U.S. export laws and
regulations to ensure that neither the Software nor any technical data related
thereto nor any direct product thereof are exported or re-exported directly or
indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws
and regulations.

10. General. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of California, without regard to or application of
conflict of laws rules or principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods will not apply. You may not assign or
transfer this Agreement or any rights granted hereunder, by operation of law or
otherwise, without the Museum's prior written consent, and any attempt by you to
do so, without such consent, will be void. Except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under this
Agreement will be without prejudice to its other remedies under this Agreement
or otherwise. All notices or approvals required or permitted under this
Agreement will be in writing and delivered by confirmed facsimile transmission,
by overnight delivery service, or by certified mail, and in each instance will
be deemed given upon receipt. All notices or approvals will be sent to the
addresses specified by either party to the other in accordance with this
section. The failure by either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement
will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other
provision. Any waiver, modification or amendment of any provision of this
Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by authorized
representatives of both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is held to
be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be enforced to the maximum
extent possible, and the other provisions will remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement is the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between
the parties regarding its subject matter, and supersedes all proposals,
understandings or communications between the parties, oral or written, regarding
its subject matter, unless you and Museum have executed a separate agreement.

11. Contact Information. If you have any questions regarding this Agreement, you
may contact the Museum by mail at 1401 N. Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA
94043, by telephone at 650.810.1010 or by facsimile at 650.810.1055.

IF YOU AGREE TO THE FOREGOING TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND DESIRE TO COMPLETE
INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE, PLEASE CLICK THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW.
OTHERWISE, PLEASE CLICK THE "I DO NOT ACCEPT" BUTTON AND THE INSTALLATION
PROCESS WILL STOP.
